There's a quote from Shakespeare that I'd like to repeat in one of his
plays he said, some advice was given it said "be true to yourself"
and I found that that's one of the most important advices that I've
ever received whenever I haven't been true to myself and I just like
follow the crowd of course I'd always be unhappy and whenever I said
"Hey you know what this isn't something I want to do" even though
it doesn't seem right like let's go with you know my own personal desires
and it always worked out usually work out the best also "follow
your dreams" that's a pretty common saying and I think that whenever
I've done that whenever I said "you know what this is what I want
to do" it's worked out for the best as well so "be true to yourself"
and "follow your dreams."